Hahaha
Blue Phoenix
You think you don't show up
Can you save them?
While I'm not in the woods
Kill no son
Li Biaozi can't save you even if he saves the immortals today
Give me five
Move him Li Guangzhi, I advise you to think carefully
His background is not simple
If you dare to touch him
Even the one behind you can't keep you
What have I got?
I don't know.
Blue Patrol, who are you scaring?
Is he just a simp?
Lu Xuan, I advise you to be sensible
Kneel down and die
Today we can also give you a happy thing.
You also deserve
Lu Xuan, since they are courting death
It's okay to fulfill them
This inspector
Ran Phoenix
Do you think we are vegetarians?
Kill him for me
Mr. Li Dongnuo
Your death has nothing to do with Sun
You want revenge come at me
Brother help him leave
Captain Jiang, what are you talking about?
I killed people
What has nothing to do with me
come
Kill Me
Dragon Emperor Supreme Palace
It's impossible that he is